hello yourself randit and this is already
the third issue of the digest beat
for your smartphone or tablet
go
today in the release of the feed so be on
the rest of the device
purpose of the event guys starburst as well
popular week
sport is a hybrid to the rest to go
we recall that this beautiful conference
following ten anvilom shendrick
until recently the game was exclusive
for David devices but now they can't
play and the rest of the people
we counted star wars broadcasts
which can be viewed not only
on the newspaper and these are the teachers
but also appreciate the physics turns out to be in this
feathery pieces will chop obstacles
laser ball
use force to crush the enemy
Sevan
very spectacular but much less release sich
nights of past parts of Russia
but entourage atmosphere for sure
like old fans
good tales
The game will be released soon November 8
unexpectedly for all the game which
developed more than a year appeared
in canadian in appstore
platini will go cowboy we have to
fight the monsters who
destroyed our homeland the game has
fantastic graphics and will come out on
droid in november
a release took place in the end
at once for all devices
now lovers of the village can not kill
computer clubs only
but real players as well
field and play for free
now crowds are true week
in third place we study cr
this is another extremist Grabar
hello to the rooftops of the TV tower or
giant tree we need to fly to
earth block dodging
sold
and other obstacles are also desirable
collect due to illness
and all the notes at the level of the game will cost
at 32 rubles
but it's worth it
the second place is taken by the second version
Chinese Easter eggs 2
the meaning of the game has not changed at all
also need to kill only with
pistol for shooting rubber
bullets
of the innovations can be noted moving
zombies as well as new heroes girl
the game is absolutely free
first place is one of the most
expected games
source moscow
despite the impressive order
mobile number cost 7 dollars i
to make one hundred percent accuracy
not worth
thanks to great graphics
dynamic plot attractive
gameplay
in fact, that city streets
to become a member
numerous years however like others
versions here we need to win 10
main racers Moscow
unfortunately along with the benefits of the game
not solved and much inconvenience
for example developers
eliminate the possibility of update
cars and did not provide
multiplayer
however it is only a small minus
versus exciting
game modes that will not leave
indifferent even the most sophisticated days
but she doesn’t forget everything
subscribe to channel rate
comment and also in a stupor lying
contact
worked for you orange see you